The link:R3_GUI[R3 GUI] defines three depths (levels) of skinning:

thin-skin: These are lightweight changes made only to the attributes
(facets) of GUI elements. These are sometimes called _color schemes_.
For example changing the default background colors for panels, buttons,
fields is a thin-skin change.::

medium-skin: These are changes made to the DRAW block specifications of
GUI elements (within styles). These provide a greater level of graphical
detail, but they are also more difficult to make (they are scalar vector
graphic changes). Since they include thin-skins, these are often called
_themes_. They change the appearance of visual elements, but not their
positions (beyond size changes).::

thick-skin: These are changes to the layout of panels (other than those
due to sizing) but may include changes to style actors (the interactor
functions). For example, a panel includes special action icons along the
right side, but a person wants a new skin that moves them to the top.::

All of these are achievable in the R3 GUI, but they require different
levels of skill.

* *Thin skinning* can be done via master style-sheets that can be
accessed by name within the styles themselves. (This is how we handle
fonts attributes as well.) An application can even allow users to make
simple changes to their color schemes without any knowledge of the
graphics system. A simple control panel, such as that used for Display
Properties on Windows works quite well.

* *Medium skinning* changes a style's DRAW block. It requires an
understanding of vector graphics and how commands and attributes are
combined to achieve the desired effects. These kinds of skins will need
to be done by GUI programmers or artists. To install such changes, new
styles are defined with the newly created DRAW blocks.

* *Thick skinning* changes panel layouts. Layouts are not inherently
difficult, but various special requirements in a design often lead to
unusual exceptions that require deeper thought and greater
experimentation. For well designed programs, changes to layouts should
not be difficult; However, thick skin changes to style actors
(interactors) are similar to style creation, and for all but the
simplest cases will require a knowledgeable programmer.
