
Top things that make you say WOW
--------------------------------

1.  Rich in Datatype Literals.
2.  Meta Programming Made Easy. "Dialecting" (DSL - Domain Specific
Languages) is Productive.
3.  Tiny Footprint, Giant Leap.
4.  Graphics Dialect Included (VID - Visual Interface Dialect) (No more
TK or something like that, Please)
5.  Do More With Less.
6.  Good at Parsing ( and there is no excuse for using XML )
7.  For Speed, I Just Love Rebcode
8.  Many Languages Do not Support Unicode, but We Do (I mean, We Will)
9.  Don't give up on SOA. SOA Can Be Light-Weight and Flexible
(Rebservices).
10. WORA (Windows, Linux, MacOS, ... )
11. We will Support RIA ( with Browser-Plugin )


10 Reasons to look at REBOL again
---------------------------------

Openness::
  REBOL Technologies (RT) have opened REBOL more than ever before.
  Although the very core of REBOL, the language, is still closed, RT
  have opened up everything else around it, so you can help improve
  them. All subsystems, mezzanines, documentation. Everything.
Powerful device and resolution independent GUI::
  The new Visual Interface Dialect version 3 is a powerful, very feature
  scalable and complete replacement for the original VID, which
  pioneered one-line-coded graphical user interfaces. We're going for
  completeness this time, so it will be far easier to build complex user
  interfaces.
Speed::
  REBOL is faster than ever due to new coding techniques, rewriting the
  core of REBOL from the bottom up to eliminate bottlenecks in graphics
  and ports. With tasks, you can perform operations asynchronously,
  greatly speeding up network operations, without needing to build your
  own tasking engine. Some of the most common mezzanine functions in
  older versions of REBOL have been converted to natives for added
  speed.
Size::
  With REBOL's usually modest script size, REBOL 3 offers even smaller
  script sizes. With new functions for common operations, particularly
  for series, many scripts can be reduced in size.
Stronger design::
  With over two years of development and based on 8 years of experience
  with the previous versions of REBOL and thousands of developer
  discussions, learning all the defects and advantages of REBOL 2 have
  had a profound impact on the design of every single part of REBOL 3.
Broadness::
  With new and open subsystems, it's possible for you, the developer, to
  port REBOL 3 to the device you desire. Thanks to almost complete OS
  and hardware independency, it's possible to adapt REBOL to utilize for
  example Open GL or DirectX for hardware accelerated 3D graphics. You
  can make it run on your embedded hardware, or on the alternative
  operating system of your choice. *There are enormous areas to cover.
  REBOL 3 can reach them all.*
Larger than Life::
  Modules give you the ability to build very large programs (in terms of
  features, not code size. This is REBOL, you know.), from many small
  components in an orderly way. Support for Unicode will help
  internationalization. Adding new number formats such as a more
  accurate money! datatype, gives REBOL 3 industrial strength math
  abilities, so we are sure REBOL 3 will not fall short of your
  expectations in this area.
Development::
  New tools for development already available: DocBase and DevBase.
  Upcoming development tools: Reference manuals, books, GUI style design
  tool, Intergrated Development Environments (IDE) and SDK. (this is a
  risky list...) And what ever you decide that REBOL 3 should have.
Free::
  REBOL 3 is now entirely free (as in beer) with all features enabled.
Welcome!::
  Welcome to REBOL 3. Welcome to a new paradigm in programming. Welcome
  to 20 years into the future. If you have looked at REBOL 2, but turned
  away, you may be in for a surprise!
